Previously.
on "The Flash"...
You're gonna get pregnant
in three months.
I think we should leave
Central City.
You can call me Khione.
I hope you can accept me.
You know.
if it wasn't for you.
I could've got a prospect.
We still haven't
talked about
our other close encounter.
Um. uh. later.
Central City.
now all of you
will pay the price.
How long until it's finished?
Or is getting
your girlfriend back
not important anymore?
- How about we put together
a little team of Rogues
of our own?
You're gonna run
until you can't run anymore.
I overloaded the capacitors.
The treadmill shot it
all back at her.
The treadmill drained
too much of my speed.
I can't run.
- I'll hold 'em off.
Somebody order
a prison break?
We gotta get Mark.
Stop!
Ah! Mark.
It's getting worse out there. Captain.
- More red lightning strikes?
- And they've started
three more fires--
at the shipyard.
Central City High School
and City Hall.
What about first responders?
They're doing their best.
and we're trying to help them.
but Captain.
with all these emergencies
and the looting.
we don't have enough units
to keep up.
We need help.
I know where to find it.
Officer. can I help you?
Take the hardware
to the roof.
Let me know
the moment you're ready.
A mimic.
How cute.
Leave her to me.
You two cover the exits.
Make sure we don't have
any more unpleasant surprises.
And remember.
no one gets in or out.
Fine.
Nobody gets in or out...
alive.
- Now you're playing my tune.
That took guts.
You know.
I think you're the kind of cop
who will appreciate
what I'm about to do.
Whatever you're planning.
you won't get away with it.
Yes. I will.
Don't worry.
I will show you
what true justice looks like.
We never leave anyone behind.
We do
when it saves our asses.
He's right.
It was us or Mark.
We had no choice.
You always have a choice.
Are you paying attention.
Lite-Brite?
We got evil speedsters.
Chill-lame backstabbed us.
the city's on fire
with crazy red lightning.
and your boy here
barely has any speed.
This ain't it.
Oh. damn.
The Red Death's coming
after us next. isn't she?
We destroyed
the cosmic treadmill.
her only ticket out of town.
Yeah. we're screwed.
The whole city is.
Then we need to save it.
People are in danger.
They need my help.
You can't even help yourself.
This whole situation's
a dumpster fire.
And look. Barry.
if you lost most of your speed
running on
the Red Death's treadmill.
I mean. how are we supposed
to do anything--
I don't know.
That's why we need
to get back out there
and find a way.
Rush into battle
with no plan.
Yeah. that's not gonna
get the rest of us killed.
We need to stay put.
Well. maybe
we don't need to go
back into the field
to make our next move.
I always liked you.
Look. I got to know Ryan
during our little chit-chat
back at the loft.
and if she blames us
for keeping her here.
then she's probably filled
with hatred and rage by now.
Which are feelings
we could trace...
with a little help
from a friend.
Babe. you sure
you wanna do this?
Babe. everyone on this team
has a purpose.
This is mine.
Okay. so how is this
supposed to work?
Well. by boosting
Cecile's empathic telemetry
and superimposing it
over the city grid.
I can pretty much hone in
on whatever she senses.
Remember.
you're looking for hate.
Lots of it.
Okay.
triangulation grid is...
ready.
Mm.
An empath.
I found her.
She's trying to push me out.
but I found her.
She has so much anger.
It's overwhelming.
The Red Death's at CCPD.
There are more people there.
They're scared.
That's Kramer
and the other cops.
Wait!
There's somebody else.
Close by. Oh.
Oh! They're in pain.
They're in so much pain.
They're terrified.
Can you see who it is?
Mm-hmm.
Ah! Ahh!
- Ah!
- Wait. wait. wait.
I got a location.
Oh. frack me.
Whoever she's locked into
is inside the Red Death's
home base.
Ahh!
- Cecile!
He's alive. he's alive.
he's alive!
He's still alive!
Who?
Mark.
You wanna do what now?
I'm sorry. Barry.
I am not going back there.
It is way too dangerous. and
I have a kid to take care of.
Besides. what if we're there.
and the Red Death comes back?
That's why we need
to get in and out fast
while she's still at CCPD.
No. we need
to do the opposite.
Or at least divide and conquer.
Mark might not survive
much longer.
Did you lose your mind
along with all that speed?
Look. we know
where the enemy is.
This our best chance to take
her down once and for all
because she doesn't know
we're coming.
He's right.
Using the element of surprise
is the best option.
The whole city's at stake.
not just one guy.
Hartley. no life
is expendable.
Fine.
If you won't rescue Mark.
then I will.
And I don't even have powers.
Well. looks like the new kid
has more bravery
than the rest of us
put together.
Okay.
Count me in.
All right.
Me too.
You have got
to be kidding me.
Fine.
We'll go rescue
six pack blondie.
You better be right about this.
You found Mark. and you
weren't even looking for him.
How's that even possible?
I--
I don't know.
It's--it's like.
the more I use my powers.
the more they grow.
Joe. I can feel them blossoming.
This team is lucky to have
someone as strong as you
in the fight.
Yeah. well.
that's why I gotta
get back out there.
They need me.
- Right now.
they need you to rest.
Is there anything I can do?
When I wake up.
I'm probably gonna
be really hungry.
Maybe you can grab me
a bunch of those energy bars.
Yeah.
- Joe.
- Huh?
Babe. are you okay?
Yeah.
I--I'm gonna go check on Jenna.
I'll be back soon.
How much longer?
We are almost there.
Just give us ten minutes.
You have five.
My plan's been delayed
long enough as it is.
Trying to hack our satellite
is a waste of time.
Our latest security upgrade
came courtesy of A.R.G.U.S.
You were saying?
Now that's what I call
an upgrade.
You know.
you should be thanking me. Captain.
The criminals in this world.
they have free rein.
and they go too many times unpunished.
That's on you and your peers.
But soon...
I will have eyes and ears everywhere.
I will be the judge. jury.
and executioner!
Stay in your homes.
Justice is being served.
Welcome to the dawn
of true justice. Captain.
Welcome to the era
of the Red Death.
Stay in your homes.
Justice is being served.
- Stay in your homes.
- Welcome to the era...
Justice is being served.
Welcome to the era
of the Red Death.
What are these new signals?
More lightning strikes?
No. Oh. man.
It looks like they're
reservoirs of psychic energy.
It's like they're individual manifestations
of a single telepathic consciousness.
Red Death's getting stronger.
But how's she doing this?
Beats me. but in order
to create these
mental projections.
She's gotta be getting
a neural boost
from some mega powerful
psychic source.
Can you find out what it is?
I'll be in my workshop.
I'm ready.
Khione. look. um...
I know you wanna help
find Mark. but--
Barry. I know
what you're thinking.
But please.
let me come with you.
I promise I won't
get in the way.
You're literally
a few weeks old.
You don't have powers
or even combat training.
I'm sorry. but the answer's no.
You wouldn't be responsible
for me.
I can take care of myself.
I know. But you're also
a part of this team now.
this family.
And we already lost Frost
and Caitlin.
I can't lose you. too.
I hope you understand.
I'm sorry.
I do.
Good luck.
Allegra. how we looking?
Perimeter is secure. Flash.
How can you know that?
You got x-ray vision
or something?
- Yep. I do.
Really?
Nice.
Is that part of the whole
UV manipulation.
glowing hands thing?
- Can we talk about this later?
Sure.
Yeah. this place
isn't creepy.
Wait.
I hear something.
Mark. can you hear me?
Oh. man.
We found him.
He's alive.
You're gonna be okay. Mark.
Just hang on.
Okay. so why'd the Red Death
make this so easy?
I mean. come on. she's been
hella smart up until now.
You know what this feels like. right?
The Human Sizzler's right.
We gotta get
the hell out of here.
Flash...
right on time.
No. no. no. no. no.
Down. boy.
I just wiped out
the last of your speed.
Why do you think
I kept Mark alive?
To draw you in.
So. now. you can't stop me.
The whole world
will feel the vigilance
of my watchful eye.
and if they step out of line.
they'll pay the price
for defying justice.
I'm gonna do what you should've
done in the first place--
eliminate all crime
by erasing it
through my rule of law.
Those things out there--
My sentinels.
Justice is being served.
- Welcome to the era...
They'll keep watch
and maintain peace.
One way or another.
They're just
psychic manifestations.
They can't hurt anyone.
Oh. Flash.
When Bashir put Savitar
in your mind
to stab you in the chest.
did that hurt?
Ahh!
I almost died.
Mm-hmm. well.
my sentinels
are just as deadly.
I won't let you
hurt this city.
I swear I'll find a way to--
Stop me?
You've served your purpose. Flash.
All of this is because of you.
You made all of this possible
through your greatest mistake!
What. you don't remember?
Let me refresh your memory.
Ryan!
Don't worry. Flash.
Your pathetic body
is still here with me
in Central City.
I brought your mind here
to show you
how your miserable failure
led to my greatest success.
I know this place.
Grodd?
He can't hear you.
He's connected to me now.
Where is his tribe?
The other gorillas?
Last time I saw him.
he was going to find them.
He learned what it meant
to be a hero.
Ryan.
what have you done to him?
Nothing.
Like I said.
this is your doing. Flash.
After your Crisis.
the gorillas in Gorilla City
lost their sentience
and were scattered
across your lawless world.
Grodd never found his tribe
because you left him
with little more
than a pat on the back.
arrogantly thinking that
teaching him your hero's way
was enough.
It wasn't.
I didn't know.
Because you didn't care.
Which is why your Grodd
took my offer
to help reunite his tribe
in exchange for amplifying
my telepathy.
All because your lessons
of heroism failed him.
Just like it failed you.
Gah!
Mark's alive.
but he's in rough shape.
The Red Death.
she knew we were coming.
It was a trap.
She wanted us to rescue Mark.
She knew she could
defeat us easily.
And that's how Cecile
knew about Mark.
Red Death put the image of him
into her head on purpose.
Damn. she's good.
You skipped the best part.
My speed's gone. too.
It could take hours
to get back this time.
maybe even a day or longer.
Okay. well.
this has been fun.
but with Grodd amplifying
Red Death's
already unstoppable abilities.
I think it's time
we think about survival.
There are hundreds
of sentinels out there.
That's why we need your help
more than ever.
Chester's working on a way
to depower the sentinels.
And has he found it yet?
Didn't think so.
Barry. the Red Death
is this close
to going all Big Sister
on the entire planet.
I don't get it.
Why is she doing this
in the first place?
- It's her idea of justice.
That's why we need to find
another way to--
Enough!
It's over.
and we lost.
All right. well.
I'm gonna go home
and protect my son
as long as I can.
Sorry. Allen.
If I'm gonna die.
it's gonna be with
the man that I love.
Guess I'll go
to Iron Heights.
apologize to Amunet.
Maybe she'll forgive me
before we all die.
Good luck. Chemist.
You're gonna need it.
How is he?
Stable.
but still unconscious.
I just--I feel so useless.
I mean. Caitlin would've been
able to help Mark.
Frost would've been
out there fighting.
You're still valuable
to the team.
Really? How?
Well. I don't have
any powers.
But when S.T.A.R. Labs has been
under attack in the past.
I grab my pulse rifle.
and I fight back.
Are you suggesting
I should get a weapon?
What I'm saying is that
even though
you may not feel like it yet.
you have a place here. too.
You just have to find
what you're looking for.
Listen to your heart.
Right.
Just like an acorn
doesn't grow up
knowing that it's meant
to be a majestic oak.
but it finds its way.
Which means--
You can. too.
Mark.
you need to wake up.
Did it just get cold in here?
Huh. actually...
I'm feeling kinda warm.
You look just like I feel.
Joe. how'd we get here?
The Red Death's
taken over the city.
My speed's gone.
Ryan and her team
are in total sync.
while mine's fallen apart.
I mean. following my lead
has been a disaster lately.
Now Grodd's helping
the Red Death boost her powers.
Damn. Grodd's back. too?
Yeah.
He's working with Ryan now.
thanks to me.
Didn't you tell me
that the last time you saw him.
he'd learned how to be a hero
from your example?
Yeah. I thought I saw
the good in him.
how he changed.
Just like I thought I saw it
in Hartley. Jaco. and Goldface.
But I guess I was wrong
about all of 'em.
Mm-mm.
If there's one thing I'm sure
of after all these years.
it's you have a gift
for bringing out the good
in folks.
no matter how bad
they started out.
Well. if that's true.
I learned it from you.
Maybe.
Either way...
I have run out of things
that I need to teach you.
Just like I don't need
to protect Cecile anymore.
considering how much
her powers have grown.
I should tell you.
up until a couple of days ago.
Cecile and I were talking about
moving out of Central City
to the country for good.
- What?
- It's okay.
We decided to stay.
And it's a good thing because
the team needs her here.
We need you. too.
No. you don't.
I'm not a cop anymore.
and I'm not a meta.
so what am I doing here?
Joe...
no one is more important
to this team--
to this family--
than you.
I mean. think of all the heroes
you've raised over the years.
We couldn't do what we do
if we didn't have you
to teach us how.
Inspiring people
is your super power.
That's nice.
But if it's my super power.
it's yours. too. Barry.
'Cause you've inspired me.
What I learned
about being a parent
is whatever seeds
we've planted.
we have to trust
that they take root.
no matter how dark things get.
So you have faith in your way
of being a hero.
If you do that.
you'll always find your way
and those who follow you
will. too.
That's it.
Three years ago. I taught Grodd
how to be a hero.
Now I need to believe
that deep down he still is.
Because I can't stop
the Red Death without him.
Hey. you were right. Bar.
I just found
a telepathic signal.
It's in the Serengeti.
- You sure that's Grodd?
- Positive.
Hey. look. you do realize
that if you try to do this
without your speed.
I mean. Grodd could kill you.
Not if Barry's right
about Grodd.
We just have to have faith
that he is.
Flash. you finally came back
after you abandoned Grodd.
I know...
and I'm sorry.
Give Grodd one reason
why he shouldn't kill you
right now.
Because I need your help
to save the world.
You have violated
the laws of this city.
Justice will now be served.
Why should Grodd help you?
You abandoned us!
You're right.
I did.
I know that's why
you're helping the Red Death
amplify her telepathic hold.
But I'm asking you to stop
right now.
People are dying.
You know this is
the wrong thing to do.
Grodd has no choice.
The Red Death offered Grodd
a way to rebuild our home.
Grodd.
you are the most powerful
telepath on the planet.
You must've looked inside
the Red Death's mind.
You know what she's capable of.
Once she's done with you.
what's gonna stop her
from turning on you
and your gorillas?
Why take that chance?
Grodd has been alone
for three long years. Flash.
He tried to find
other intelligent gorillas.
but only found strangers
no longer possessing
a mind like Grodd's.
The Red Death is the only one
who can help Grodd fix this.
Grodd. if we have hope.
there's always another way.
And I'll help you find it.
But right now.
I need you to help me
to defeat her
by being the hero
I know you already are.
Australia. Japan. Iceland--
she's everywhere.
- Like a plague.
- Or like a global invasion.
What was that?
I don't know.
Hold up.
Okay. I'm getting a surge
of psychic energy
coming out of Africa.
mixed with
Speed Force lightning?
Is that supposed to happen?
No. no. no. no. no!
This can't be happening!
Flash...
you ruined it all.
I will bring justice
to this world!
Where are you. Flash?
Come and face me!
Or are you just like
the others--
afraid to face final justice?
You got your speed back
already?
But that's impossible.
A long time ago.
I gave a gift to a friend.
Grodd is ready.
Today. he returned the favor.
You took Grodd's mind
away from me.
You poisoned another Rogue
to use against me.
Why do you keep
ruining my life. Flash?
You think it's bad now.
wait'll you taste the food
at Iron Heights.
No. it can't end like this.
I won't let it!
First I took your speed.
now I'll take your life.
And justice will be served!
Sorry. sister.
He's taken.
We're the only ones
who get to whoop on the Flash.
Now. it will end.
Ah!
That should nullify
your speed enough
for me to see
what you're really made of.
Bring it on. Bats.
Ahh!
You can't beat yourself.
I know everything you're
going to do before you do it.
Girl. you're nothing but me
on a bad hair day.
And I don't have to beat you.
'cause I'm not alone.
Now stay down.
Nice move. Flash.
Sorry I'm late.
- That's not late.
That's making an entrance.
Wait a minute.
I thought you're the bad guys.
So did we.
Thank you.
Oh. anytime.
Well. not. like. anytime.
- Oh. anytime.
- Okay. fine. Whatever.
So. Flash. never been to
Central City.
Is it always this crazy?
Well--
It's a Wednesday.
Okay. you were. like--
you were. like. so dope.
Okay. seriously. seriously.
like. the level with which
your badassery extends to
is. like.
beyond what I can comprehend.
It doesn't even make sense
to my brain.
Like. I can't even
really compute--
What Chester is trying to say
is thank you so much
for your help.
Hey. it's what I do.
A.R.G.U.S.
has the Red Death in custody
and they know she was from
another timeline.
so you and your identity
are still safe.
Thank you. And I heard
you were running low.
How'd you get your speed back?
Three years ago.
I gave a spark
of my Speed Force to
a sentient gorilla...
And it was still inside
his mind this whole time.
Is Grodd actually
a good guy now?
I think so.
And more determined than ever
to rekindle the spark
of intelligence in his tribe.
I even re-tasked
our satellites
to help search for his gorillas
24/7.
Well. I should be
getting back to Gotham City.
and I appreciate you all
looking for me.
Especially you. Iris.
I'm a big fan of your work.
Really?
Wow--I mean. yeah. likewise.
Although I have to say. I like
you better than the other one.
Yeah. Sorry about the whole
doppelganger situation.
But the next time
you're in Gotham.
we should get a mimosa.
Kara. Alex. Nia. and I.
we all have a monthly brunch.
- Yeah. I would love that.
- All right.
Well. it was great
meeting you all.
And if you ever need me again. Flash.
you know where to find me.
So. looks like
I missed all the fun. huh?
If by fun you mean
saving the world again
from a big bad
hell bent on world conquest...
- Mm-hmm.
- Yep.
I'm just glad
you're all right.
Yeah?
Then what's all that anxiety
you're feeling?
Today. Barry reminded me of
the most meaningful thing
I've ever done.
And that's being a parent.
And I have the chance
to do that one more time.
and I just wanna get it right.
Well. good news. babe.
You're already doing that.
Mm. There's so much...
stress and strife in our lives.
I'm gonna shield Jenna
from all of that.
You still want
our family to move.
Not our whole family.
Just me and Jenna.
- What?
- Hear me out.
Cecile. you are the hero
Team Flash needs right now.
I cannot ask you
to turn your back on that.
Well. then.
what are we supposed to do?
You come to the country
on the weekends.
That way. me and Jenna
have you all to ourselves.
If anything. we have more
quality time than we do now.
I--
Like. the--the--
just the three of us?
Mm.
Out in the country?
- No alarms?
- Nope.
- No craziness?
- No.
- Just us.
- Mm-hmm.
That actually sounds...
perfect.
Oh. we have a plan!
I love you!
I love you so much.
- Queen. king...
- Oh.
- Ace of spades.
- Winner. winner!
I hope y'all packed your bags
'cause I'm taking you
to Boston!
You sorry bunch of moth--
- Joe!
- I was gonna say friends.
- Mm-hmm.
And family.
Yo. speaking of family.
let me do this.
I just wanna thank you all
for coming.
After all these years of
making Central City my home.
I can't quite believe
that this journey
is coming to an end.
but it makes it easier
to step away
when I know the city
is in great hands.
And not just Barry's--
all of yours.
I feel--I feel so blessed
to leave behind
such an incredible legacy.
Damn.
Just--I'm gonna miss
seeing you guys every day.
Um--but know this:
I love you.
If you every forget that.
I'm just a phone call away.
Or a quick fathwoom.
Yeah.
To Joe West.
And to raising
a new generation of heroes.
Mm.
I'm glad you're doing better.
Thanks for coming back for me
like that.
I--
I'm just not really sure
I deserve to be here.
you know. with--
- Mark.
like I told you before.
you're one of us now.
which makes you family.
You deserve to be here
as much as any of us.
So. you know how we said
we weren't gonna
talk about anything
until after this whole
Rogue thing was over?
Yeah.
Well. now it is. and--
so--
well--
Chuck. that was the best kiss
I've ever had.
Hm.
Then. uh...
I guess there's only
one thing left to do.
Ooh. I am glad that
Jenna is upstairs asleep.
- Yeah.
When did this happen?
I think a better question is:
what took so long?
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Sorry. I'm fine. I just--
I feel a little lightheaded.
Gosh. that's so weird. I don't
know why I feel that way.
Sorry.
I do.
You're pregnant.
Oh. you--you didn't know?
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Um--
congratulations.
I mean. it's not supposed
to be for another three months.
I--I guess this means
things really are changing.
Well. congratulations.
you guys!
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
Could she possibly know that?
- How could you know?
- I just do.
Greg. move your head.